# lcls-rhel6-conda-docker

The Docker image described by this repository aims to replicate a conda-pack and test environment analogous to LCLS production RHEL6 machines. While resolved conda environments are largely transferable, there are some instances of virtual packages that may break a packed environment. [Virtual packages](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-virtual.html) include `__cuda`, `__osx`, `__glibc`, `__linux`, `__unix`, `__win`. Of particular importance to our conda environment builds is the `glibc` version. The RHEL6 `glibc=2.12`, may be incompatible with some compiled code. For this reason, we aim to pack our environments in as-similar-a-machine as possible. Additional requirements and tests may be added as needed, with the aim of a robust testing tool before deployment.

The image requires mounting of an environment file to `/tmp/environment.yml`, mounting of the repository to `/tmp/project`, mounting of a testing script to `/tmp/run-test.sh`, and setting of the environment variable ENVIRONMENT_NAME; however, these are all handled by the GitHub action [`slaclab/lcls-rhel6-conda-pack`](https://github.com/slaclab/lcls-rhel6-conda-pack) and aren't intended to be used directly except in local testing.

Releases to this repository trigger a workflow that builds the docker image using the repository Dockerfile. The resulting image is published to [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/jgarrahan/lcls-rhel6-conda-docker) using the release version as a tag. 

## Tests
The Docker image specified by this repository expects tests defined and run using a  bash script mounted to `/tmp/run-test.sh`. An effort should be made by code developers to implement a comprehensive set of tests for their packages with the understanding that the efficacy of this pack-and-test process is a function of their effort in doing so.